1. Which is NOT a "must" objective in these fund raising projects?
	A. Safety, legitimacy and University compliance are neccessary.
	B. Create chances for participants to develop project project management skills.
	C. Revenue expected for every project is $500.
	D. Maximum project duration to complete is ten weeks.
- Answer: D. Every project must be capable to complete after nine weeks of deploying.

2. In HOOPS FOR HOPE project, why does the awareness of charity have no potential of increasing?
	A. People do not actually care about charity.
	B. Usage of the profit does not mention about donating to any charity organization.
	C. This project is highly doubt to make any profits so no income is expected to go to the charity.
	D. The project actually does have a potential to increase awareness of charity.
- Answer: B. Answer A is definitely wrong, answer C does not relate to charity awareness, answer D contradicts the project proposal report.

3. What does SINGING FOR SMILES project not satisfy?
	A. Minimum earning at $500. Because it requires a large amount of people participate.
	B. Increasing charity awareness. All the spotlight goes to the invited guess who is a celebrity.
	C. Nine weeks duration. Inviting a famous singer is a challenging process so time is stretched out. 
	D. Local TV featuring. A small karaoke does not atract much audience nor TV chanel.
- Answer: A. Thằng nào giải thích thì tự xử đi vì nó hiển nhiên vcl

4. Which is TRUE about HALO FOR HEROES?
	A. University does not allow electronic games because of their bad reputation.
	B. Does not worth in resume because companies do not care about video games.
	C. Games get the attention of the young people so it is likely to be on TV.
	D. Brings a lot of joy to participated players.
- Answer: D. Answer A Uni does allow, answer B esport is rising so it is a marketable tool to make profit, answer C, young people do not usually watch TV anymore

5. According to the statistics reported in the RAFFLE FOR LIFE proposal, the efforts given to this project is:
	A. Definitely worthy, because every category satisfies and scores relatively high.
	B. Not really conventional, through out the scores of every category it is considered to be low when compared to others.
- Answer: B. Đm th lol nào bảo bán vé số là vui

6. Which is the goal of a fund raising project?
	A. Raise money to donate to charity organizations.
	B. Learning and practice project management skills.
	C. Both are right.
	D. Both are wrong.
- Answer: C. Obviously!

7. How much is HALO FOR HEROES estimated to earn
	A. Does not satisfy the minimum $500.
	B. Revenue is slightly more than requirement from $500 - $750.
	C. Expected to get huge amount of income around $750 - $1500.
	D. Hugely success with the total of more than $1500.
- Answer: B. Mentioned in the report

8. In HOLD'EM FOR HUNGER, which is likely not available because of gambling prohibition in Vietnam?
	A. Safety, legality and policies compliance.
	B. Increase charity awareness.
	C. Local TV news featuring. 
	D. All of the above.
- Answer: D. Mentioned in the report

9. Which is the game that is used in HOLD'EM FOR HUNGER?
	A. Solitaire.
	B. Blackjack.
	C. Poker.
	D. Uno
- Answer: C. Obviously

10. The sole reason of BUILD YOUR OWN BOX is:
	A. Inform people about the unfortunates without home by building shelters.
	B. A competition of the most beautiful and innovative architectures.
	C. Build a playhouse with many activities inside to atract people.
	D. Spread the importance of recycling by proving the usefulness of cardboards.
- Answer: A. Mentioned in the proposal
